docs: syntax highlighting (#1003)
ory/docs: docs/hydra/guides/login.mdx

:::

```typescript title="routes/login.ts"

> // This is the endpoint the user ends up at once they insert their password and username and hits "Log in".

Reviewer: Great idea to remove the gender here, let's pluralize the entire sentence.

```suggestion
// This is the endpoint the users end up at once they insert their password and username and hits "Log in".
```

> // This is the endpoint the users end up at once they insert their password and username and hits "Log in".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This is the endpoint the users end up at once they insert their password and username and hit "Log in".
```

missed one ;-)
